setup fastapi project with db, backend, frontend, balancer and adminer I
create and setup vds gitlab repo for project I
create workers sqlmodels B
Designing a complete database model (UML/DBML) based on project workflows. recording of jobs hours, salaries, material spending, project extended, work overflows, project progressing, reports management B
update workers models B
create orm mixins -active and -timestamps B
fix date formatting issue on frontend F
create telegram bot B
create token registrations in bot workflow B
create worker report resending to head of project B
saving to db reports and other users data B
deploy tg_bot on vds I
add logging to file at vds I
change main color for react application F
create tool for hard reset alembic migrations (at start of project development, too many conflicts of migrations and no data to lose) B
repair os after hard crash ubuntu, setup backups to prevent it in future I
create workflow of job logging to ERP system with real world context states B
design workflow to make usable interface for telegram bot, customizable for any application sphere with same project-orientired workflows B
make layuout of prev desicion as building tg_bot by xml file, received from draw.io by drawing human nicelooking scheme of dialog scenarious, without coding B
Implement CRUD operations for the Worker model. B
Refactor global structure for improved organization. B
Complete backend CRUD operations for mixins, workers, and users. B
Update Alembic environment file to import necessary models. B
Create Alembic migration to remove foreign key constraint and column from the 'item' table. B
Modify item API route to remove owner_id. B
Update core models to include active status and disactivation timestamp. B
Implement worker disactivation functionality in the backend. B
Implement inventory domain with models and CRUD operations. B
Create inventory routes for creating, reading, updating, and deleting inventory items. B
Rename `InventoryType` table to `inventory_type` in the database. B
Rename `Inventory` table to `inventory` in the database. B
Rename `InventoryAction` table to `inventory_actions` in the database. B
Create nomenclature domain models (MaterialType, JobsType, BuildObject) B
Implement API endpoints for creating, reading, updating, and deleting material types B
Implement API endpoints for creating, reading, updating, and deleting jobs types B
Implement API endpoints for creating, reading, updating, and deleting build objects B
Define API routes for nomenclature domain B
Remove item creation, reading, updating, and deletion API routes and models. B
Remove item API route inclusion from main API router. B
Remove 'Item' model and associated imports from Alembic environment and migration script. B
Implement soft deleting functionality using mixins in backend models. B
Modify Project CRUD to utilize soft delete functionality. B
Modify Project route to utilize soft delete functionality. B
Modify Worker CRUD to utilize soft delete functionality. B
Modify Worker route to utilize soft delete functionality. B
Add `get_active` and `get_active_by_id` class methods to ActiveMixin. B
Implement CRUD operations for Reports model. B
Implement CRUD operations for Material model. B
Implement CRUD operations for MaterialSpend model. B
Implement CRUD operations for Job model. B
Define data models for Reports, Materials, MaterialSpends, and Jobs. B
Refactor: Correctly count total reports in `get_reports`. B
Refactor: Correctly count total materials in `get_materials`. B
Implement CRUD operations for materials B
Implement CRUD operations for material spends B
Implement CRUD operations for jobs B
Implement CRUD operations for reports B
Create a worker component for managing worker data. F
Change HTML font size to 16px. F
Update global CSS color palette to blue. F
Update button recipe color palette to #007bff. F
Implement inventory management UI with table display of inventory items, including name, type, quantity, status, unit, cost, location, creation date, and update date. F
Add functionality to the inventory management UI to allow adding new inventory items. F
Implement pagination for the inventory table. F
Implement UI for editing and deleting inventory items. F